# TRi-structural ISOtropic Fuel

This research folder contains information and analysis regarding the questions
of:
1. What are the SWU requirements for TRISO fueled reactor transitions that
   incorporate the proposed LEU+ to HALEU scheme?
2. What are the impacts of deployment schemes in NFC scenarios, and what parts
   are realistic or unrealistic in each?

## Scenarios
We have investigated several growth scenarios at a no, low, and high
rates based on different projections in the literature. The calculations for
these scenarios can be found in `deployment_calcs`, where there is a notebook
for each level of growth. For each year-to-year increase, we have a simulation of the LWR fleet with one of the Xe-100, MMR, or AP1000, and a simulation that deploys all of them.


LWRs retire at end of license or at 80 years of operation, whatever is longer.
If there are Advanced reactors in the scenario, they will replace the
decommissioned capacity and meet the demand growth starting in 2030.

| Demand Growth | Year-to-Year Increase | Source |
|---------------|-----------------------|--------|
| No Growth     | 0.0%                  | N/A    |
| Low Growth    | 0.17%                 | [1]    |
| Low Growth    | 0.5%                  | [1]    |
| Low Growth    | 1.0%                  | [1]    |
| High Growth   | 3.5%                  | [2]    |
| High Growth   | 5.6%                  | [2]    |

> [1] U.S. Energy Information Administration, “Annual Energy Outlook 2023,” U.S. Energy Information
Administration, Government, Mar. 2023. [Online]. Available: https://www.eia.gov/outlooks/aeo/pdf/AEO2023_Narrative.pdf
>
> [2] Julie Kozeracki, Chris Vlahoplus, Ken Erwin, Alan Propp, Sonali Razdan, Rasheed Auguste, Tim Stuhldreher, Christina Walrond, Melissa Bates, Erica Bickford, Andrew Foss, Derek Gaston, Cheryl Herman, Rory Stanley, Billy Valderrama, Katheryn Scott, Tomotaroh Granzier-Nakajima, Paul Donohoo-Vallett, Tom Fanning, Brent Dixon, Abdalla Abou Jaoude, and Chris Lohse, “Pathways to Commercial Liftoff: Advanced Nuclear,” DOE Liftoff Report, Sep. 2024. [Online]. Available: https://liftoff.energy.gov/wp-content/uploads/2024/10/LIFTOFF_DOE_Advanced-Nuclear_Updated-2.5.25.pdf


## Analysis
Stores the notebooks used for data analysis. We used the `analysis.ipynb`
notebook to extract results from the output of the `.sqlite` files. The outputs
are not stored in this repository, but they can be generated by running:
```
bash input_files/run.sh
```

## Reactors
Stores `.xml` definition files for the reactors used in this work. Inside there
is a folder called `input_files/lwrs` that contains the unique definition for
each reactor in the US fleet. The advanced reactors are defined in respective
input files in the same directory.